Vacancy Approval Process
Business Overview
The application recruitment module requires an additional service to execute actions that the head office users perform during a vacancy approval process.
 There is a defined list of action types that a product owner requested to implement. Potentially, there will be more requested in future.
Action Types
 Submit for Approval
Approve
Reject
Functional requirements
Implement a service (JavaScript class) that is able to execute actions (Submit for Approval, Approve, Reject) applied to a record
Keep in mind that, potentially, in future the service should be able to execute other type of actions that are not related to approval process or vacancy module.
 Moreover, it can happen that based on a Record type a behaviour of an action may differ.
An action should log a message to the console (replace record_id placeholder with an actual record Id)
Service should have a method which can execute either one action or multiple. Order also makes sense and should be taken into consideration.
 Possible solution can be found here https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/pipe-and-compose-in-javascript-5b04004ac937/ 
If you came up with your own solution-it ls also acceptable.
Assumtions:
Action can  be either function or object. Up to implementation.
Additional:
Let’s assume that action is executed asynchronously, provide an example of this kind of implementation a well 
Submit for Approval: Submitted for approval Vacancy: {record_id}
Approve: Approved Record: {record_id}
Reject: Reject Record: {record_id}
Testing solution
The solution should provide RecruitmentSolution.js file with the logic to test a service. Do not create new files, 
defined your classes inside the received template. As a result of the RecruitmentSolution.js file execution the console should contain next lines:
Expected console output:
Submitted for approval Vacancy: SoftwareEngineer0001
Approved Record: SoftwareEngineer0001
Submitted for approval Vacancy: FrontEndEngineer0020
Rejected Record: FrontEndEngineer0020
[Download solution template right here]
Solution:
[Send back the completed solution file]
